How come?
Boy, what kind of drug dealer are you using with him?
What exactly did you use?
Jiuxiang Talk Poison Powder
Never heard of it
What wine incense talk poison powder
This is obviously the secret recipe of my Fan family
How can you have
Did you steal it?
So you are the grandson of Old Man Fan's family?
I gave you your secret recipe
Cut fart
What secret recipe did you give?
That's obviously my grandfather
Research lifetime recipes
How could it be from you?
You must have stolen it.
Could it be that the one you mentioned is
The head doctor of the country who paid as much as 10 million for a visit fell ill
Yes, that's right
He'll be here soon.
I'll see how stubborn you are in a while
Xu Wenjie
How can you steal someone else's recipe?
That's the No. 1 shooter in Silver City
He also said that the secret recipe was given by you
You're a liar
Apologize now
The genius doctor will come in a while, and I won't be able to end it.
Sorry.
I see he's here, I'm afraid he has to apologize to me
Are you still being stubborn about your poor self-esteem?
I don't care about you.
Only someone else begged my grandfather for a copy
You will see later
Why is he on his knees talking to me?
That Yamano Muraichi
Let me kneel